README.md, before:

# 💰 GestionnaireBudget – Personal Budget Manager (Console Version)

[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-8%2B-blue?style=flat&logo=openjdk)](https://www.oracle.com/java/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=flat)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget?style=flat)](https://github.com/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget/stargazers)

**A lightweight, console-based personal budget management tool written in pure Python – no database, no GUI.**

GestionnaireBudget allows you to easily track your income, expenses, and overall financial balance directly from the terminal. Data is saved in simple JSON files for persistence. This project highlights clean Python programming, file handling, and modular design – perfect for showcasing core scripting skills alongside my cybersecurity expertise.

Ideal for anyone who wants a fast, dependency-free way to manage personal finances!

## 🚀 Features
- Add income and expense transactions with categories, amounts, dates, and descriptions
- View detailed transaction history
- Monthly and overall balance summary
- Category-based spending breakdown
- Edit or delete existing transactions
- Data automatically saved to JSON files (no external database required)
- Simple, interactive command-line menu
- Pure Python – runs anywhere with Python installed

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **Language**: Python (standard library only)
- **Key Modules**:
  - `json` – for saving/loading data
  - `datetime` – for date handling
  - `os` – for file management
- **No external dependencies** – zero `pip install` needed!

## 📦 Installation & Running

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget.git
   cd GestionnaireBudget

Commit message:

Change project language from Python to Java
Updated project description and technologies to reflect the change from Python to Java.

README.md, after:

# 💰 GestionnaireBudget – Personal Budget Manager (Console Version)

[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-8%2B-blue?style=flat&logo=openjdk)](https://www.oracle.com/java/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=flat)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget?style=flat)](https://github.com/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget/stargazers)

**A lightweight, console-based personal budget management tool written in pure Java – no database, no GUI.**

GestionnaireBudget allows you to easily track your income, expenses, and overall financial balance directly from the terminal. Data is saved in simple JSON files for persistence. This project highlights clean Java programming, file handling, and modular design – perfect for showcasing core scripting skills alongside my cybersecurity expertise.

Ideal for anyone who wants a fast, dependency-free way to manage personal finances!

## 🚀 Features
- Add income and expense transactions with categories, amounts, dates, and descriptions
- View detailed transaction history
- Monthly and overall balance summary
- Category-based spending breakdown
- Edit or delete existing transactions
- Data automatically saved to JSON files (no external database required)
- Simple, interactive command-line menu
- Pure Java – runs anywhere with Java installed

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **Language**: Java (standard library only)
- **Key Modules**:
  - `json` – for saving/loading data
  - `datetime` – for date handling
  - `os` – for file management
- **No external dependencies** – zero `pip install` needed!

## 📦 Installation & Running

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AyoubElmortaji/GestionnaireBudget.git
   cd GestionnaireBudget
